
        Rachel Howto for Antananarivo [0]

Make sure the Raspberry Pi has the following:
    1. appropriate SD Card inserted.
    2. USB WiFi dongle[1] in one of the USB ports.
    4. Plug in the power cord: microUSB cable.  It's important to pay
attention to the power rating.  Some usb power supplies are rated for
2.4 Amps- that would be the best.  Some are only 0.7 Amps and these
usually do not work.  More is better!


There is no power switch, simply plugging in a powered microUSB cable turns
it on.  The Pi will take a few minutes to boot up following which you will
have a running server.  To make use of the service(s) provided, client
machines (the XO laptops) must do the following:
    Connect to the server's WiFi access point (AP): [3]
        [The SSID for the one being sent to Madagascar in Sept 2017 is
        'rpia'.  In the past, we've used '1stPi2' or '2ndPi2' or
        '3rdPi2 ...]
    Use the client's favourite browser (such as Sugar's Browse activity
    if using an XO laptop) and enter the server's IP address: 10.10.10.10  
    into the url line.  Entering 'rachel.lan' will probably also work.


[0] This 'Howto' assumes you've been delivered a Rachel configured (by
Alex Kleider) Raspberry PiB2 content server.  The content is from an
older version of Rachel and has had all mp4 videos converted to webm in
order to make them playable by an XO laptop.  This has resulted in a
much larger file size foot print and is the reason an older version of
Rachel is used.  There is a separate 'Howto' describing the steps taken
to do the configuration.  See 'Setup/config-howto'.

[1] We expect to be soon converting to the Raspberry Pi 3 which has an
internal WiFi device so the external WiFi dongle will no longer be
necessary.

[2] If the server is connected via ethernet cable, then if the network to
which it is connected is inturn connected to the internet, clients of the
server will also have internet connectivity.

[3]  If more than one server is to be deployed in any single location
then their SSIDs must differ.
